hey it's me Destin we're in the Gulf of
Mexico we're about to go fishing I'm
gonna be all these guys envision how you
beat me
all right ladies how we doing over here
my bestest a weirdo he called it so the
reason they call it a triggerfish is
because you pull a trigger in order to
get the dorsal fin to go down okay if
you ask me it is awesome anytime there's
some type of mechanical device built
into an animal well that's just the case
with the trigger fish the front dorsal
fin is a spine that locks in position
it cannot be folded down until the rear
one is pulled backwards just like
pulling a trigger on a gun now this is
good for two reasons the first reason is
a trigger fish likes to hide in a hole
and it will lock the front door so fin
no predator can get it out unless it
chooses to unlock itself secondly if a
predator tries to eat the trigger fish
the huge dorsal fin on front will rip
its insides apart killing it so it's a
built in defense mechanism
sarvam yeah my dad taking father's day
and I want to show you pretty
interesting and we're motion is going to
show you but yet stay stationary let's
try